# 80/20 rule
# I.Vilfredo Pareto and his 80/20 rule
> The Pareto principle [帕累托法则] (also known as the 80/20 rule) states that, for many events, roughly 80% of the effects come from 20% of the causes [仅有20%的变因操纵着80%的结果]. This principle was named after Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto, who noted [发现了] the 80/20 connection while at the University of Lausanne [洛桑大学] in 1896.

> Vilfredo Pareto was born in Italy in 1848. He would go on to become an important philosopher and economist. Legend has it that one day he noticed that 20% of the pea plants in his garden generated 80% of the healthy pea pods /pɑd/ [n.豆荚] [80％的健康豆荚是从20％的豌豆植株产出]. This observation caused him to think about uneven distribution [不均匀的分布].

> He thought about wealth and discovered that 80% of the land in Italy was owned by just 20% of the population [意大利80％的土地仅由20％的人所有]. He investigated different industries and found that 80% of production typically came from just 20% of the companies. The generalization became: 80% of results will come from just 20% of the action.[80％的结果是由20%的行为导致的]

> While it doesn’t always come to be an exact 80/20 ratio [严格遵从二八比例], this imbalance is often seen in various business cases:

- 20% of the sales reps [推销员] generate 80% of total sales.

- 20% of customers account for 80% of total profits.[20%的客户带来80%的总收益]

- 20% of the most reported software bugs cause 80% of software crashes.

# II.grammar
# 1.in terms of [在...方面] & in + adj + terms & in absolute terms [绝对数量上] & in no uncertain terms [直白易了的]
- 1. I was better off at my last job in terms of salary.

- 2. In terms of product quality [在产品质量方面], Apple has a reputation for being the best.

- 3. Average earnings have risen in absolute terms but have not risen relative to the cost of living.[平均收入的绝对值虽然有所上升，但相较于生活成本而言并没有升高什么]

# 2.80/20 rule [二八法则] & Pareto /pə'ritəu/ Principle  [帕累托定律]
> 1)it means when 80% of your results comes from 20% of your work.and interestingly we don't say the 80% /20% rule. Usually for these kinds of percentage comparisons, we just say 80/20, or like 50/50. 

> 2)So another name for this 80/20 rule is the Pareto Principle, named by an economist called Vilfredo Pareto.

# 3.menial /'minjəl/ [细碎的] & trivial /ˈtrɪviəl/ [琐碎的] 
> 1)it just means like some little job that doesn't require much skill, usually not a lot of skill, sometimes it's labor work.or if you're starting a new company, it's probably a lot of paperwork.menial tasks certainly are not very glorious, And that's often what we think of a menial job. something that you think is not really important or doesn't get a lot of respect.

> 2)Now trivial is kind of like menial when it comes to work,It means that it's not important. So this is the opposite of vital. like I can take of it in relationships. Often, a girlfriend and a boyfriend might fight because of trivial little things, like dishes or something, You didn't clean up, you didn't make the bed, little things like that, your feet smell.

> 3)or often we see like a trivial mistake.It's just small, it's not important.You don't need to get stressed out about it.Don't worry about it. It's a trivial little thing.

- 1. Every job requires some menial tasks.

- 2. It’s important not to look down on [瞧不起] people with menial jobs.

- 3. I got a new job, but it’s mostly just menial work for now.

# 4.in theory [理论讲] & theoretically /ˌθiəˈretɪkəli/ [理论上] & put it into practice [实践起来]
> 1)so in theory of means like,in concept.like,this idea of work,but it may not work in real life.Like in theory, a lot of companies say that uniforms and dress codes, like, improved productivity, but it doesn't always work that way.

> 2)theoretically,we might say,but in theory is kind of a more casual way.Like sometimes you'll say theoretically, but maybe I will say that more if I am you know, giving a presentation. so it should be possible, but often doesn't happen that way. 

> 3)put into practice, it means take an idea and actually realize it.so you actually doing it.you’re actually practicing.

# 5.pick up the slack [phr.收拾烂摊子] & slacking off & slacker & be bogged down by /in / sth [陷入困境、被缠住]
> 1)We're actually picking up the extra work that other people don't want to do.that could be menial tasks, and you're not really picking up anything.like for example, let's say we have a team and one of the members of our team is a little lazy. So there's some work that this person did not do, we have to pick up his slack because he didn't do the work.

> 2)actually its really good that you're pointing this out, because like in this case the person is lazy, And that's why you have the extra work. Often we say that the person who doesn't really do work is the slacker.That could just be a lazy person that doesn't do their job basically.slacking off.So you got to pick up that slack, in this case no one's lazy, but there's extra work that needs to get done.

> 2)so when you get bogged down by something, you get slowed down by it or weighed down.like bogged down by worries. maybe you're super stressed out about that interview that's coming out, so you're really kind of bogged down by it.Not because you're trying and you just, you can't get forward. Like a bog, is like a swamp, And it's hard to walk through.so it's kind of like you're stuck.

> 3)you can even get bogged down in conversation, like if you're in an argument or a debate, and it's not getting anywhere, you are getting bogged down.

> 4)Often you'll get bogged down with work, You want to have that great weekend, but you're stuck inside doing work.

# 6.productivity [生产力] & efficient [有效率的]

# 7.upped my game [加把劲] & upped /ʌpt/ [提升] & busying themselves [让自己忙碌] 
> 1)so up is a verb here, and it actually just means increase. So he increased his productivity. it's pretty informal, Like we often use the expression, I upped my game.so you're putting more effort into it, and you're doing a better job. your strategy is getting better, your skill is getting better. In this case his productivity is getting better.

> 2) Busy oneself with.it just means doing kind of busy work, which could be, like, we said earlier, paperwork. It's something you've got to do, but it's not really making a high impact on the company.it means kind of to make yourself busy as well, It has this positive aspect as well, like I need to busy myself, I'm becoming a slacker. 

> 3)But we often use it like, maybe when your boss comes in, and you suddenly start busying yourself.With papers on your table.Making yourself look busy, yeah. I know I'm guilty of that, for sure.

- 1. We can’t make a profit without upping the price.[不提高价格我们就无法盈利]

- 2. The government upped taxes again [提高了税收]. Another broken promise.

- 3. I’m going to have to up my game if I want to get the job.[加把劲]

# 8.low-impact & high-impact [低/高影响力的]
> 1)So low-impact activities are basically those kind of trivial activities. They don't have a big effect. They don't achieve great results.Impact, we know it's like the force of hitting. But we usually use it in a way that means like influence or effect or change. 

> 2)The opposite of that would be high-impact. We also use this phrase in sports, Low-impact sports, high-impact sports, which are more dangerous.so maybe you’re gonna stick with those low-impact activities like walking.so high-impact sport would be something like football.

- 1. Although it was a simple movie, the beautiful colors and cinematography were very impactful [有感染力].

- 2. The biography [传记] of Obama had a tremendous [巨大的] impact on the way I see politics.

- 3. If you fell from a height of 100 meters, you’d probably die on impact.

# 9.allocation /,æləu'keiʃən/ [分配] & distribute [分配] & allocate sth to sb
> 1)allocation basically means time manaement.but allocation kind of means distribution.it doesn’t have to always be time.we can say money allocation,or how should we allocate these funds.

> 2) You can allocate work to somebody. The government allocates funds to their various, you know, programs and departments.You can allocate work to somebody. The government allocates funds to their various, programs and departments. or if you're in a company, you allocate different offices to people.

# 10.vital /ˈvaɪtəl/ [至关重要的] & important
> vital is much more improtant,like absolutely,we need this.so I could say that water and air are vital to life.interesting because vita actually means life, So you can think of this vital few as things that are absolutely necessary.

# 11. run into the temptation [phr.掉入诱惑] & be tempted to do sth
> so when you're tempted to do something, you kind of want to do it. So when you run into this temptation, you encounter the desire to do this.tempting things are things that we want, but we know we probably shouldn't do them.
# 12.procrastinating /prəˈkræstəˌneɪtɪŋ/ [拖延] & guilty of [惭愧于]

# III.pattern
***Hey, Alana. I haven’t seen you here since you started your new business. I guess you’ve gotten pretty busy.***

***Yeah, it’s great but there are a million little menial tasks that I get bogged down in, so I end up working late every day.***

***Have you tried applying the 80/20 rule?***

***You mean the Pareto Principle of the vital few and trivial many?***

***That’s the one. Don’t you agree that 80% of your results come from 20% of your work? The rest is not nearly as important.***

***In theory, yes. But it’s super hard to put it into practice. I would love to only focus on the most important 20%. The problem is there’s no one to pick up the slack.***

***I get it. But you should still force yourself to examine your time allocation and mental energy. Don’t let low-impact activities make you lose sight of the big picture.***

***You see, most people run into the temptation to clear up the small things first, but then end up busying themselves all day with those trivial tasks.***

***Yeah, I’m guilty of that.***

***I was too, but using the 80/20 rule has really helped me focus and upped my productivity.***

***Maybe if I do the same then I’ll have to come to the gym more often.***










