# 911
# I.First Aid Steps
# 1.Pause and looks at the scene and the person before responding. Answer the following questions:

- Is the scene safe to enter?

- What happened?

- How many people are involved?

- What is my initial impression about the nature of the person’s illness or injury? Does the person have any life-threatening conditions, such as severe, life-threatening bleeding?

- Is anyone else available to help?

# 2.If the Person is awake and Responsive and there is no severe life-threatening bleeding：
- Obtain consent [获取当事人同意]: Tell the person your name, describes type and level of training, state what you think is wrong and what you plan to do, and asks permission to provide care.

- Tell a bystander to get the AED and first aid kit: Point to a bystander and speak out loud.

# 3.If the Person Appears Unresponsive:
- Shout to get the person’s attention, using the person’s name if it is known.

- If there is no response, tap the person’s shoulder [拍肩膀] (if the person is an adult or child) or the bottom of the person’s foot (if the person is an infant) and shout again, while checking for normal breathing.

- Check for Responsiveness and breathing for no more than 5-10 seconds [观察伤者的反应].

# II.grammar
# 1.to go + adj. & went rigid [僵硬] & stiff /stɪf/ [僵硬的]
> 1)The construction go + adjective is a colloquial way to express a change in the state of something. In terms of people, it is used to show a change in their personality, appearance or physical condition. In contrast, when used with companies, it often represents a change in policy.

- 1. The patient went rigid [顿时僵住] with shock when she heard that she had cancer.

- 2. He always goes bright red [变得满脸通红] when we point out his mistakes.

- 3. As a man in my 40s, I worry about going bald [担心秃顶].

- 4. In an effort to go green [实现绿色环保], Starbucks recently announced that it will be making some changes to its cups.

> 2)So when someone goes rigid, it means that their body suddenly becomes stiff.

> 3)but it doesn't always just have to be for people. I could say that the rules are really rigid. So they're very, like not flexible.

- 5. I’m the type of person who adheres rigidly to rules. [严格遵守规则] 

- 6. I wish I could wear jeans to work. Too bad our company is so rigid about the dress code! [公司对着装要求如此刻板]

- 7. Tremors [震颤] and rigid muscles [肌肉僵硬] are common symptoms of Parkinson’s Disease [帕金森病].

# 2.collapsed /kə'læpzd/ [v.晕倒、坍塌]
> 1)And in this case, he collapsed because he passed out, so this man went rigid and then he collapsed.

> 2)you could have a bridge that collapses or maybe a building that collapses as well.

- 1. The man collapsed out of exhaustion [因疲惫而昏倒] after working overtime for one week. 

- 2. The collapse of the bridge was attributed to poor construction [施工不良] and extreme weather conditions [极端天气]. 

- 3. She wanted to buy a collapsible baby stroller /'strolɚ/ [n.（美）折叠式婴儿车] that was easy to carry around.

# 3.come around [phr.过来，醒过来;开始接受]
> 1)so he is going somewhere and coming back.

> 2)here we're talking about waking up,because he's just had a seizure and often people come around after a few minutes.

> 3)We also use it if somebody is stubborn and they won't change their mind, so if you convince them, then they come around.finally he came around and decided to come around and listen to my advice.

- 1. It is, what comes around goes around.[善有善报，恶有恶报]

- 2. He never came around [来过我家] anymore after that.

- 3. He got out, came around [走过来], fired point-blank. [近距离射击]

- 4. I'm simply coming around to your point.[理解你说的这些]

- 5. I know your dad. He'll come around.[他会回心转意的]

# III.words realted
# 1)first aid [急救] 
> if we're all eating and somebody starts choking on some food.Or I guess another one could also be if someone breaks their ankle or their leg that would also require a first aid.

# 2)passed out [phr.昏厥、睡着、喝醉] 
> 1)So this means you are no longer aware of what is going on.in this case, it's because he's very sick. 

> 2)But passed out could also just mean fall asleep, So maybe I was really tired from a day of work, and when I come home I immediately pass out when I hit my bed.I was so tired last night. I passed out on the couch.

> 3)But you could also pass out because you were drinking too much as well.

# 3)CPR / cardiopulmonary resuscitation /ˌkɑrdioˈpʊlməˌnɛri rɪˌsʌsəˈteʃən/ 心肺复苏 ] & resuscitate [救醒，复苏] & cardiovascular system /ˌkɑrdioˈvæskjəlɚ / [心血管系统]
> 1)So CPR stands for Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation. It is a lifesaving procedure and what you do is you press repeatedly on the person's chest and you breathe into their mouth in order to promote proper breathing.and the important thing here it's when the person's heart stops beating, Or when they are breathing in a really really irregular way.

> 2)"cardio" means heart,pulmonary is related to the lungs.And resuscitation means bring back to life.So this person's heart and lungs have stopped and we need to bring them back to life.

# 4)AED / automated external defibrillator /diˈfɪbrəˌletɚ/ [自动体外除颤仪]
> 1)So if you've ever seen like a medical TV show or movie, they have a electrical machine and they go "Alright! Ready? One! Two! Three!"And they shock the patient, they essentially shock them back to life.and it has a pretty high success rate, more than CPR.

> 2)But the AED is kind of a small portable /'pɔrtəbl/ [adj.便于携带的;手提式的] version of it.So we've got this long word, but it's so long that even native speakers just say AED.because it's much simpler that way.

# 5) sb has a/sb is having a seizure /ˈsiʒɚ/ [phr.癫痫发作] & convulsing /kənˈvʌlsɪŋ/ [抽搐] 
> 1)A seizure is when your brain is overwhelmed by electrical messages and your brain and your body cannot function properly.It basically the person's body is just kind of shaking and convulsing, Often, but not always actually.usually they stop responding and in more serious situations they come both and they foam.

> 2)And we normally see it as a chunk. He has had a seizure, or he is having a seizure.we don't say he's seizuring.

> 3)So when someone convulses, it means that they are shaking very violently.

# 6)foaming /'foʊmɪŋ/ [吐沫] & drug overdose [服药过量] & choke /ʧoʊk/ [窒息，呛] & vomit /ˈvɑmət/ [呕吐]
> Foaming means that there are kind of bubbles coming out of your mouth.if somebody has a drug overdose, they might be foaming at the mouth.

# 7)drooling /drulɪŋ/ [流口水] & saliva /səˈlaɪvə/ [唾液]
> drooling is just when you have saliva coming out of your mouth. So it's just liquid, not foam.It's bubbles,and typically babies drool a lot.

# 8)ambulance [救护车] & paramedics /pærə'medɪks/ [医护人员] & para-
> 1)hose people that come in the ambulance there. They have a special job title. They are called paramedics. They're not doctors, So para actually means nearer and medic is like a doctor.so they're like almost doctors here and they usually ride in the ambulances and provide aid to the people that are injured.

> 2)paralegal：So it's like a lawyer, but they're not fully a lawyer. They kind of help, they assist with a lot of thing.

# 9) ABC/ airways /'erˌweɪz/ [呼吸道] & breathing & circulation [n.血液循环]
> 1)so these are actually called the ABCs, airways, breathing and circulation.sometimes it takes a while or some time for the ambulance to arrive, so you really need to check some of these signs like his airways. Are they clear? What about breathing, pulse...

> 2)So your airways, this is basically the passage that the air goes through when you breathe in.and you need to make sure that they are clear.Just to make sure that the person isn't choking on their own vomit or foam.And clear just means it can go in and travel through like everytime I'm choking on food, my airways are not clear.

> 3)And breathing is related to the action where you take in air and push it out. But when it's a noun, we just say breath.He has no breath. Or I can hear his breath.

# 10) irregular pulse /pʌls/ [不规律的脉搏] 
> pulse is the rhythm, the sound that your heart makes.it makes it when it is beating.So you need to find a pulse and usually we do that at the wrist or the neck.And if someone has a regular pulse, it usually means that they are healthy.

# IV.pattern
***Excuse me! Does anyone know first aid? There is a man outside who just passed out.***

***I do! Can you tell me what happened?***

***He was just standing when he suddenly went rigid and collapsed.***

***Was he convulsing or foaming at the mouth?***

***He was shaking and drooling but there wasn’t any foam.***

***Ok. Let me have a look. Excuse me, sir! Can you hear me?***

***He’s not responding. Should I call an ambulance?***

***Yes, please. His airways are clear but his breathing and pulse are irregular. I think he’s had a seizure.***

***Ok. Does he need CPR?***

***No, he should come around in the next few minutes. But, we should find an AED and keep an eye on him until the paramedics arrive.***












